c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities.pdb
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\obj\Debug\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\obj\Debug\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities.pdb
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sdaroya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Dota2dexApi\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities\bin\Dota2dexApi.Domain.Entities.dll.config
